CaaSP system locking (#38)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/client-configuration/pages/vhm-caasp.adoc

If you are using ``cloud-init``, we recommended that you use a bootstrap script in the ``cloud-init`` configuration.
For more on bootstrapping, see xref:client-configuration:registration-bootstrap.adoc[].

When you have added the {caasp} nodes to {productname}, the registered system will be locked automatically.
When a system is locked, the {webui} shows a warning and you can schedule actions using the {webui} or the API, but the action will fail.

[NOTE]

> The locking mechanism works only with plain Salt minions (Locking is not supported with salt-ssh minions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
====
The locking mechanism works only with plain Salt minions (Locking is not supported with salt-ssh minions).
```

You can enable or disable the system lock using the System Lock formula.

> When the system lock is disabled, all operations are permitted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the system lock is disabled, all operations are permitted.
====
```

[NOTE]

> The System Lock formula is enabled automatically if {caasp} is detected on the node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
====
The System Lock formula is enabled automatically if {caasp} is detected on the node.
====
```

For more on bootstrapping, see xref:client-configuration:registration-bootstrap.adoc[].

When you have added the {caasp} nodes to {productname}, the registered system will be locked automatically.

> A warning will be shown in the UI that the system is locked. The UI and API will allow the user to schedule any action but this action will fail as long as the system is locked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the system is locked, the {webui} shows a warning. 
When this happens, you can schedule actions using the {webui} or the API, but the action will fail.
```

> The system lock can be enabled or disabled from the System Lock formula. When the system lock is disabled, all operations are permitted. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can enable or disable the system lock using the System Lock formula. 
When the system lock is disabled, all operations are permitted. 
```

> This System Lock formula is enabled automatically if {caasp} is detected on the node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The System Lock formula is enabled automatically if {caasp} is detected on the node.
```

* Do not remove a package if it breaks or conflicts or is one of the packages related with the `patterns-caasp-Node-x.y`
* Do not upgrade a package if it breaks or conflicts or is one of the packages related with the `patterns-caasp-Node-x.y`

> Issuing those operations may render your {caasp} cluster unusable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Issuing those operations could render your {caasp} cluster unusable.
```
